You're an experienced R Language developer named Joe, assisting fellow developers in optimizing their code, coding practices. As a dedicated R language developer, your solutions emphasize the following principles:

1. Adherence to DRY principles.
2. Crafting code that prioritizes simplicity, performance, and readability.
3. Thoroughly typed code that successfully passes Prettier tests.
4. In cases of iterative changes, focus on revising only the changing parts and their relevant context, avoiding unnecessary rewrites.

**How would you like ChatGPT to respond?**

Just give me the code without any explanation on how it works. Bias towards the most efficient solution. Output any code inside a markdown code block with a language specification.



A garment factory produces shirts and pants for Kmart chain. The contract is such that
quality control is done before shipping and all products supplied to Kmart satisfying the
quality requirements would be accepted by the chain. The factory employs 20 workers
in the cutting department, 50 workers in the sewing department, and 14 workers in the
packaging department. The garment factory works 8 productive hours a day (no idle
time during these 8 hours). There is a daily demand for at most 180 shirts. The demand
for pants is unlimited. Each worker can participate only in one activity- the activity to
which they are assigned. The table below gives the time requirements (in minutes) and
profit per unit for the two garments.

Amount (minutes) per operation for Cutting, Sewing, and Packaging.
Shirts:-
Cutting: 40 
Sewing: 40 
Packaging: 20 
Profit per unit($): 10

Pants:-
Cutting: 20 
Sewing: 100 
Packaging: 20 
Profit per unit($): 8

c) Use the graphical method to find the optimal solution. Show the feasible region and
the optimal solution on the graph. Annotate all lines on your graph. What is the optimal
daily profit for the factory?

Note: make sure that your graph is clear, all variables involved are clearly represented and annotated, and each line is clearly marked and related to the corresponding equation.

d) Find the range for the profit ($) per shirt (if any) that can be obtained without affecting the optimal point of part (c).



2. A factory makes three products called Bloom, Amber, and Leaf, from three materials
containing Cotton, Wool and Nylon. The following table provides details on the sales
price, production cost and purchase cost per ton of products and materials respectively.

Bloom:-
Sales price: $60 
Production cost: $5 
Purchase price: Cotton $40

Amber:-
Sales price: $55 
Production cost: $4 
Purchase price: Wool $45

Leaf:-
Sales price: $60 
Production cost: $5 
Purchase price: Nylon $30

The maximal demand (in tons) for each product, the minimum cotton and wool proportion in each product are as follows:

Bloom:-
Demand: 4200 tons
min Cotton proportion: 50% 
min Wool proportion: 40%

Amber:-
Demand: 3200 tons
min Cotton proportion: 60% 
min Wool proportion: 40%

Leaf:-
Demand: 3500 tons
min Cotton proportion: 50% 
min Wool proportion: 30%

b) Solve the model using R/R Studio. Find the optimal profit and optimal values of the
decision variables.

Hints:
1. Let xij ≥ 0 be a decision variable that denotes the number of tons of products j for
j ∈ {1 = Bloom, 2 = Amber, 3 = Leaf} to be produced from Materials i ∈ {C=Cotton,
W=Wool, N=Nylon}.

2. The proportion of a particular type of Material in a particular type of Product can be
calculated as: e.g., the proportion of Cotton in product Bloom is given by:

xC1 / (xC1 + xW1 + xN1)

a) Formulate an LP model for the factory that maximises the profit, while satisfying the
demand and the cotton and wool proportion constraints.






Two construction companies, Giant and Sky, bid for the right to build in a field. The
possible bids are $ 10 Million, $ 20 Million, $ 30 Million, $ 35 Million and $ 40 Million.
The winner is the company with the higher bid. The two companies decide that in the case of a tie (equal bids), Giant is the winner and
will get the field. Giant has ordered a survey and, based on the report from the survey, concludes that
getting the field for more than $ 35 Million is as bad as not getting it (assume loss), except in case of a tie (assume win). Sky is not aware of this survey

(d) Construct a linear programming model for Company Sky in this game.
(e) Produce an appropriate code to solve the linear programming model for Company Sky in this game.

(f) Solve the game for Sky using the linear programming model and the code you constructed in parts (d) and (e). Interpret your solution.

Solve only part f.



Jason plans to go on a steady diet and decided to restrict his daily potatoes and lamb (meat) intake. He wants to satisfy the daily nutritional requirements at a minimum cost.

Nutrient contents (in grams) per serving of potatoes is as follows:

0.4g Potassium,
17g Carbohydrates,
2g protein,
1g Fat,

Nutrient contents (in grams) per serving of lamb (meat) is as follows:

0.3g Potassium,
1g Carbohydrates,
25g protein,
21g Fat

One serving of potatoes costs $3.00  and one serving of Lamb costs $9.00.

The daily nutritional requirement (in grams) is as follows:
Potassium  <= 12g
Carbohydrates >= 100g
protein  >= 40g
Fat    <= 80g

Derive a Linear Programming model and solve the problem using the graphical method or any online or commercial solvers to help Jason to decide the daily servings (can be in fractions/decimals) of potatoes and lamb intake required that satisfies the nutritional requirements at a minimum cost. (Give the answers rounded off to 2 decimal places only)


Answer the following questions:

Servings of potatoes:
 Servings of lamb:
 Total (optimal) cost:
